MRI can produce a higher resolution image than CT Scan. However, it takes 45 minutes while CT Scan takes only 10 minutes. Avoiding MRI can increase comfort due to the lower acquisition time of CT Scans. In addition to that typically, CT Scan costs much less than a MRI Scan. For these reasons, CT Scan is preferred during emergency conditions. However, repeated high dose CT Scan can increase the risk of cancer. Therefore, denoising the low dose CT (LDCT) to appear as good as a full dose CT (FDCT) can be a important practical problem to solve. 

Furthermore, to learn the transformation function from LDCT to FDCT during training, one may typically use the corresponding pairs of LDCT and FDCT from the same patient. The data setting where both LDCT and FDCT are available from the same patient is called Paired data, and the training paradigm on paired data is called Supervised training. Though, it's not practical to ask the patient to take multiple scans under different radiation doses for research purposes. Hence we have conducted experiments for three different training scenarios based on the percentage of paired data.

Case 1: Supervised training on paired data - 100\% paired data, which means each pair of LDCT and FDCT is acquired from the same patient.
Case 2: Un-supervised training on unpaired data - 0\% paired data, which means, no pair of LDCT and FDCT is acquired from the same patient. All the scans are acquired from totally different patients.
\
Case 3: Semi-supervised training on semi-paired data - Only a few pairs of LDCT and FDCT Scans are taken from the same patient, and the rest of the LDCT and FDCT Scans are from different patients.

Interestingly, task of denoising addressed in this chapter, can be considered as an image transformation, another example of which is also addressed in chapter 3. Since the proposed method in Chapter 3 is broadly a Unet based architecture, we considered the application of Unet for the denoising problem as well. However, we noticed a significant performance improvement when (MHA) Multi Head-Attention modules, as employed in Chapter 4, is adapted for image feature extraction and image reconstruction for this case. Thus, we propose a DNN architecture that can generate denoised CT Scans using patch-wise multi-head visual attention blocks and residual connections to denoise Low dose CT Scans. The proposed network has obtained a significantly higher PSNR and better quality reconstruction over the State of the art Architectures - [SACNN](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8964295) and [Unet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1505.04597). 
